SCRUM Meeting - W4
[Roman P.]
This is CAB 302, scrum meeting, week 4. 
Okay, since Thursday last week, I just brainstormed.

I had an appointment that I was early for, so I just brainstormed in some features and stuff for, like, sort of an expansion on the features of, like, great, we want quiz management. Like, specifically, what does that kind of look like? Trying to expand on that.

Other than that, we had our little chat on Tuesday.

I put a bunch of stuff in the Trello. Haven't started any mock-ups on Figma, but I did have a really shitty sketch in here, so that's exciting. 

Roadblocks, if any.

I really want to talk to the tutors and figure out what they mean by project requirements, because we're supposed to have that done by next week, and I don't know what that means. And that's my only roadblock, theoretically.

[Sasha P.]
I think it means, like, what the solution must do.

[Roman P.]
Like, user goals and, like...? Cool

[Sasha P.]
Yeah.

[Roman P.]
Well, then, like, we just have to work that out. That's the only thing that I've got. Can we do that today?

Because that's what's holding me back from doing it. 

We absolutely can. [Audrey], your turn.

Answer three questions. What have you done? What are you doing?

What will you do? And what's stopping you? 

[Audrey W.]
I want to get the user maps figured out first, before I jump into the prototyping.

I made the Trello board at Figma, sent it out to everyone. That's what I did in the last meeting.


[Sasha P.]
Can it hear me? I made the GitHub repository and added everyone to it, and I think everyone's accepted.

Yep. But if you haven't, do that. And then...

Okay, I made, like, a boilerplate project and uploaded it to the GitHub, but I didn't build it with, like, the JavaFX thing. Okay. So we might have to redo that.


[Roman P.]
Obviously, [Pragati] is not here for this, but based on what's happening in the Discord, [Pragati] has used the brainstorming stuff and made user stories. 

I haven't actually seen them. I just saw the thing went up on Discord this morning. 

So [Pragati] has put this up, which is just stuff that particular users want to do. To me, it looks pretty good. I have absolutely not read it at all.

Just opened it up and took a one, ten-second squeeze and been like, perfect. But other than that, once we move to Discord, other than that, figuring out what they mean by project requirements will put us above and beyond, and then we just have to collectively go, as a group, decide what is most important for next week and whether we have an official meeting or not, if we want to do, like, a five-minute check-in on Tuesday. Whether it's not a meeting, but we're just, like, haphazardly tracking on the stuff we've thought about, and everyone goes, yay, nay, help, no help, et cetera.

[Audrey W.]
Yeah, the time between classes was really good last week. Yeah. Unless Pragati can never make it to that class because of work.

[Roman P.]
Yeah, it just depends on how flexible her work schedule is. But no, having that, like, two-hour gap was really nice. 

We did a lot in that gap, that gap was very helpful. If we can all do that gap, sick, but not if work goes...

[Jamie C.]
What's that gap was? Was it, like, what you guys sent on the text on Discord? 

What you guys did last week in that two-hour gap was me and Pragati in another class.

[Audrey W.]
Yeah, yeah.

[Jamie C.]
Was that, like, pretty much just what you guys got on Discord?

[Audrey W.]
Yeah, we just made the Trello. Woody made the Figma. I invited everyone to the GitHub, and I, like, did the initial commit that we're going to have to redo.

And then, yeah, we just put stuff in the Trello.

[Roman P.]
And we just need to have one central document somewhere where we decide on, like, where we put everything that everyone agrees is happening. So then, like, when we discuss stuff, that's going to be on the minutes. I hope you understand.

I transcribe the minutes, and I'm going to put Sasha goes meow, meow, meow, meow, meow for 30 seconds. Is there a link to the Trello on Discord? Yes.

Yeah, they should be in links. It's hidden. Yeah, so just having, like, product requirements, but I think that that is right on task with our, we need to have one central document that, like, these are all of our goals.

Or, like, this is what we're working towards, et cetera. Just so that there's, like, a central thing to check in on. I think that is really good.

Oh, and [Pragati] UML diagram. So that's up on Lucidchart, which the link we have is in general. I can post it in her links if that is easier to traverse.

So she's done the UML and user stories. So we just have to do sitemap, some demo, some prototyping. Also, in the gap, we discussed that everybody should do some rough sketches.

Yeah, because they want, like, iteration. Yeah, so even if that's not in Figma, like, everybody does, like, one or two hand-drawn sketches. They all go into, like, iteration, and then Aude picks and chooses components that she likes out of them, makes the lo-fi Figma ones.

At least that way, everyone has contributed, everyone has had a say, and we have evidence that we, like, iterated and took best parts from one. Even if that ends up just being yours, exactly. At least if everyone's put something in, then we can be like, we tried.

Other than that, I think we're chilling, and we can probably move on to tutorial stuff. Have I talked over you, Jamie? Did you have something that you wanted to say?

[Jamie C.] 
*shakes head no*

[Roman P.]

No, it's all good. So yeah, that's everything that's happened. Our roadblocks are minimal as hell.

Yeah. So we're going to read the user stories. Perfect.

And we should try and work out sitemap today in this lesson, because that's what's holding you [Audrey] back. Perfect.

And we can use these too, if these goals are good. Because then I can look at which practices we're doing. All right.

Lovely. That's going to conclude our Scrum meeting. I will transcribe, and chuck the minutes up. 
